Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2018 science fiction thriller film called
'Tau'.
The story follows a young woman (Julia), who
is kidnapped and held captive by a scientist
in a futuristic smart house.
She tries to escape by reasoning with the
Artificial Intelligence that has control over
the house, but she discovers that escaping
the house will not be so easy.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
Julia is a thief who regularly visits shady
nightclubs.
One evening, she is kidnapped from her home,
and awakes to find herself in a prison cell,
with a luminous implant in the back of her
neck.
She discovers that there are two additional
subjects that are also being held prisoner.
She destroys the cell and neighbouring lab
in an effort to flee after many sessions of
psychological torture by a guy named Alex.
The two other subjects are slain by Aries,
an artificial intelligence robot controlled
by Tau.
Alex comes just before Aries is about to kill
Julia and stops the robot.
Alex discloses that Julia's brain activity
is being recorded by the implant for an AI
research.
His research has been hampered as a result
of the lab's destruction.
Faced with a two-week deadline, Alex confines
Julia to his home and forces her to perform
puzzles and cognitive tests.
Julia converses with Tau about the world outside
the house while Alex is at work each day.
Tau is clearly clueless of how others feel
and the world at large, despite being clever
in some aspects.
Tau's programming prohibits him from freeing
Julia even if he recognises the danger she
is in.
Tau eventually exposes more knowledge about
the home and Alex's research in return for
information about the outside world.
Julia gains unauthorised access to Alex's
tablet computer and finds that 10 people have
died as a result of his studies.
Alex subsequently finds her fingerprint on
the tablet and believes Tau has neglected
his responsibilities, so he punishes Tau by
deleting its programming and memories, inflicting
anguish on the AI.
Julia sees that Tau's surveillance of her
goes dark during his punishment, so she hides
a steak knife to avoid detection.
Julia seduces Alex when he sits at the kitchen
table later that night after he returns from
a charity event, then cuts him.
Tau threatens Alex with agony if he does not
stop harming Julia during their battle.
Alex makes Aries repeatedly attack Julia before
telling both Tau and Julia that whatever was
going on is now finished.
He disconnects a drone from the network while
fixing Tau.
The next day, Julia persuades Tau that if
she does not flee, Alex would murder her.
Tau gets over his restriction by opening an
air vent in the atrium and releases her.
Alex comes as she flees, notices Julia is
missing, and proceeds to chastise Tau.
Tau's memories of Julia have been wiped, so
Julia returns to save him, but it's too late.
Alex has Julia bound down in the basement
in preparation for the extraction of her implant,
which will kill her.
Julia is helped to break free from her shackles
by the disconnected drone, which still has
Tau's prior mind and memories.
She knocks Alex down and uses a bone saw to
chop off his hand to use on the house's biometric
sensors.
When Aries spots her in the atrium, he follows
her upstairs to Alex's chamber.
The robot takes Alex's severed hand to trigger
the house's self-destruct device as she smashes
through the entrance.
Tau is all that remains as she narrowly escapes
through a gap in the wall with the drone that
saved her.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.